Add image2image example script. (#231)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/inference/readme.md

# Inference Examples

## Installing the dependencies

> Before running the scipts, make sure to install the library's training dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the scipts, make sure to install the library's dependencies:
```

```bash
pip install diffusers transformers ftfy
```

## Image-to-Image text-guided generation with Stable Diffusion

> The `image_to_image.py` implements `StableDiffusionImg2ImgPipeline`, it let's you pass a text prompt and an initial image to condition on to generate new images. This examples also showcases how you can write custom diffusion pipelines using `diffusers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `image_to_image.py` script implements `StableDiffusionImg2ImgPipeline`. It lets you pass a text prompt and an initial image to condition the generation of new images. This example also showcases how you can write custom diffusion pipelines using `diffusers`!
```
